For this project, I want to show a soundscape that has become one that I no longer notice. When I first moved to Pittsburgh in the Fall to begin classes, every sound stood out to me. The simple sounds of  sirens and buses once put me on edge, yet they now have become the soundtrack to my daily life. I used to jump at the noises of the loud walk signs, but now they have become a commonplace for me. That is why I wanted to do my daily walk to classes as my soundscape, to memorialize it for the days I no longer will make this trek. It was odd to me how hard it was to identify the very sounds I hear on a daily basis,
further proof that I have adjusted so fiercely to these sounds. As I walked to class one morning, I paused my music and forced myself to listen, shocking myself with the long list of potential assets I found. I want to show the sounds that many of us have learned to ignore (without any effort) simply because they have become a second-nature to us. Even the construction that only began about a month ago has become something we have all so quickly adjusted to. I also want to challenge myself to make the location known to those, which can be hard because these streets are not very different from any other streets. I also am challenging myself to personalize it, which is less 'hard' than it is slightly intimidating! 

This is quite the challenge for myself, as I have never done a project like this. I worry I am aiming too high, and already find myself struggling with the program as well as the process. This has not stopped me, however. Instead, I find myself spending way too much time researching how to make things possible that, at my current skill level, are seemingly impossible. 